toolbar is not updating on save in editor
editor does not have undo after save
deleting folders from the quick actions menu is b0rked

(#1)
68161 : Favicons are lost on upgrade 
   - nothing to do with bookmarks, but, no idea where to put it,
     so, whatever, i'll handle it anyways...
     
   - problem: .kde/share/cache/favicons moved to .kde/`hostname`-cache/favicons

   - fix: either 1) a symlink, 2) upgrade path

67635 : Bookmarks toolbar edits don't take effect until restart 
   - completely unable to confirm, and can't recall fixing this in the past.. umm..

67614 : abort bookmark's context menu causes bookmark to load 
   - can't reproduce... maybe a new / old qt bug...

67686 : bookmark bar first displayed empty 
   - can't reproduce, maybe need to check from an empty .kde, thus no previous

67958 : bookmark toolbar intermittenly disappears 
   - maybe just another dup of tokoe's bug

67685 : crash often kills bookmarks AND backup 
   - how the heck does a crash wipe the bookmarks.xml in the first place?
     well, whatever. i admit this can be improved, but only through new i18n's
     so thats not going to happen until i get permission for 3.2.1...

somehow multi selected deletes are broken again:
   no longer crashes, but doesn't select current well
   TODO note added to program, quite a difficult problem...
a selected folder only takes one click to get a rename???
tbcache: don't create a tbcache file when its gonna be empty in any case!!!
historymgr: get dirtyness working for the kbookmarkmap
proper readonly support - rmb should work but things should be disabled?  no addbookmark, etc.
general xbel bug: http://bugzilla.gnome.org/show_bug.cgi?id=69702

possible qt bug:
   multi selection deletion then shift down selects roots
   valgrind doesn't show anything either
   logging all the setSelected calls i can see doesn't help

STUFF FROM BEINERI:

   And the "Cancel" entries in the "Bookmark" menus looks strange too. How about
   a KMail-like progress bar (in a status bar?) with an "X" button to stop them?
   And "Advanced Add Bookmark" doesn't work for "Add Bookmark" in context menu?

---

   Btw, I think when you have no tab and call "Bookmarks Tabs as Folder..."
   it should not only create a folder but bookmark the current page within
   the folder unconditional if it's a tab or not. :-)

DONE TESTING:
------------

   favicon and status check updates:
      removal of items while checks are happening
      program exit with checks and updates are still going on
   random deletion of all items - TODO

THINGS FOR 3.3+
------------------

tools:
   recursive 404 finder
   duplicate finder

basic gui:
   split view stuff - including filtered views
   need to get keyboard shortcut changes working somehow (wheels)
   have to get dynamic filtering (e.g sorting, pruning),

main bookmark config:
   make the keditbookmarks prefs persistant
   and make a simple include selector using
   for example kautoconfig, including a 
   simple dynamic menu config gui

bookmarklets: add some examples!

tips dialog - fixes bugs - shortcuts for keyboard selection are wierd
